hey youtube here a twig here today I'm
going to be giving you a random pack
opening I was at target they had like
these tactical evolution packs on sale
for three bucks i also bought a store
Ragnarok pack and i also got these there
those yugioh dog tags I've actually been
looking for them for a while now but I
actually was able to find him I thought
I would be able to get him like at my
local drugstore but they were sold out
but target had him so I thought I'd get
packed and see what I gained that and I
also got you could see the new Yugi play
map I was able to buy it on troll and
toad calm for like ten bucks it was a
pretty good deal this is the mad i've
been wanting the other ones i had were
the Yugi and Kaiba ones those ones are
portrayed by the way I have two of those
if you want them just give me an offer
and we'll make something up and let's go
ahead and open these packs you know
we'll start the dog tags first I really
want to see what I get yeah there's
paper inside oh I think I got the that's
kind of gave it away i think i got the
Stardust Dragon tag Oh nope I got the
jack Atlas tag I thought there were only
like two things in here but yeah the
Jack Atlas tag and this kind of shows
you can get nitro warrior speed warrior
akiza Jack Stardust Dragon and a bunch
of other ones there's like there's a lot
more than I thought yeah there's a bunch
of them so I got the jack atlas one it's
pretty cool next we'll go ahead and do
the tactical evolution packs will save
the storm of ragnarok for last
there are some good cards in these packs
oh nice a fifth hope ultimate rare I
have a fifth hope but it's not ultimate
that looks pretty sweet it's pretty good
next one blaze winning butterfly yeah
not that great super yeah pretty happy
about this the fifth hope looks really
nice I know people don't really use
fifth hope but the last pack the storm
of ragnarok oh nice a Thor lord of the
acer I've been wanting one of those and
also sorry Virg the nordic alfar so
these packs were actually pretty nice
stuff I wanted a Thor I only have a
codon at the moment and yeah that's my
pack open and we'll do a quick recap I
can got a hollow in each pack as pretty
nice 5th hope blaze wing butterfly for
ignored a call far and a Thor lord of
the Aesir so yeah the three up top or
for trade and all the commons i think
i'm going to hold on to the thor for now
it's pretty cool and that's my video kir
twig out I'll please subscribe I would
really appreciate it and once again cute
we got